[oneTBB] Improve named requirements to better deal with value categories (#647)
uxlfoundation/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneTBB/source/named_requirements/algorithms/par_reduce_func.rst

==================
ParallelReduceFunc
==================
**[req.parallel_reduce_func]**

A type `Func` satisfies `ParallelReduceFunc` if it meets the following requirements:

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**ParallelReduceFunc Requirements: Pseudo-Signature, Semantics**

.. cpp:function:: Value Func::operator()(const Range& range, Value&& x) const

>     Accumulates values over a subrange, starting with the initial value ``x``.

Reviewer: Probably, it is more correct to tell about the reduction here rather than accumulation as not any reduction necessarily accumulates. So, consider:

```suggestion
    Performs reduction of values over a subrange, starting with the initial value ``x``.
```

>     Accumulates values over a subrange, starting with the initial value ``x``.

Author: Will change to `range`, referring to the parameter.
